README.md, before:

# Assignment2 group 5

## What is this repository? 
This repository is where we are going to work on our assignment number 3 - we made this repository during our assignment number 2,
and we also practiced on some github on here.

## What the project does. 
This project is a setup for the next assignment. This has the prototype and all the neccessary files included, as well as the architecture. 

## Why the project is useful
this project is useful because it helps us learn git with pull, push, commit etc. it will give us a better understanding and practice.
## How users can get started with the project.
You can get started by cloning the repository using git clone
```
git clone git@github.com:kjottkake/githubpracticejason.git
```


## Where users can get help with your project
You can contact either Jason, Havard or Karina and inquire about how this project is used.

## Which technology is used
We are using html, css, github, github desktop, git CLI.

## Who maintains and contributes to the project
Jason, Havard, Karina.

Commit message:

added awesome description to readme

README.md, after:

# Assignment2 group 5

## What is this repository? 
This repository is where we are going to work on our assignment number 3 - we made this repository during our assignment number 2,
and we also practiced on some github on here.

## What the project does. 
This project is a setup for the next assignment. This has the prototype and all the neccessary files included, as well as the architecture. 

## Why the project is useful
this project is useful because it helps us learn git with pull, push, commit etc. it will give us a better understanding and practice.
## How users can get started with the project.
You can get started by cloning the repository using git clone
```
git clone git@github.com:kjottkake/githubpracticejason.git
```


## Where users can get help with your project
You can contact either Jason, Havard or Karina and inquire about how this project is used.

## Which technology is used
We are using html, css, github, github desktop, git CLI.

## Who maintains and contributes to the project
Jason who is awesome, Havard who is also awesome, Karina who is awesome too.
